 A Simple Bookmark Manager A clean and simple interface to organize your favourite websites. Open a new browser tab and see your sites load instantly. Try it for free. Get it on Chrome Get it on Firefox Features Our aim is to make it quick and easy for you to access your favourite websites. Your bookmarks sync between your devices so you can access them on the go. Simple Bookmarking Speedy Searching Easy Sharing Bookmark in one click Organize your bookmarks however you like. Our simple drag-and-drop interface gives you complete control over how you manage your favourite sites. More Info Intelligent search Our powerful search feature will help you find saved sites in no time at all. No need to trawl through all of your bookmarks. More Info Share your bookmarks Easily share your bookmarks and collections with others. Create a shareable link that you can send at the click of a button. More Info Download the extension We’ve got more browsers in the pipeline. Please do let us know if you’ve got a favourite you’d like us to prioritize. Add to Chrome Minimum version 62 Add & Install Extension Add to Firefox Minimum version 55 Add & Install Extension Add to Opera Minimum version 46 Add & Install Extension Frequently Asked Questions Here are some of our FAQs. If you have any other questions you’d like answered please feel free to email us.  More Info 35,000+ already joined Stay up-to-date with what we’re doing Contact Us Features Pricing Contact
Challenge by Frontend Mentor. Coded by Your Name Here.